# Data Independence Network site

Site temporarily down - https://past-the-war.earth .

## The Eastern Winds

As with the [Non-Lethal, Non-Mutilating, No Seriouss Injury, CSCA simulation](https://github.com/Past-The-War-Earth/the-struggle-continues-anew.xyz) project that drove the specification Data Independence Network technology, the need for "metro-area data" level data sovereignty is much greater in the Eastern Hemisphere.  Contrary to the belief that presence of such system would work against the national interests and the right of self-determination, it could indeed greatly contribute to national interests as it could be encapsulated within the nation's boundaries and would greatly increase efficiencies of scale with a tree-like system.   Municipalities act as branches.  They share relevant data and stats with metro-area trunks.  In turn trunks participate in a forrest of trunks, and for best effiency share relevant data with the national root.  Much of the data stored by DIN would be used at the level of municipalities and thus most effectively is stored there.  Best place for metro-area level data is naturally at metro-area/state level.  And some data is best placed at national level.

This is further re-inforced by the two pilot applications - Votecube and Sapoto.   Votecube is a municipal/metro-area/regional polling platform (with the sights of acting as the backing system for the future UN House of Representatives).  Backed by the data soverignly of DIN, technogically scaling the features Votecube to "metro-area"/regional polls and even more so to national polls is only possible untilizing the tree + queue features of DIN.  Sapoto is a Social Support Network, which is most needed at municipal/settlement area but also has uses at metro-area/regional and in some cases at national level as well.
 
###  Beyond Decentralized

DIN does not realize its efficencies of scale or potential without the [Beyond Decentralized](https://github.com/beyond-decentralized/beyond-decentralized.world) technology.  Beyond Decentralized is the technology that moves data processing to leafs, and allows for efficient and organized sharing of data between PCs and phones.  Technologically leafs must be attached to branches to setup and maintain direct leaf-to-leaf (bulk) data connections.  For applications like Sapoto (as well as the family/group organizers such as Hans the Organizator and travel planning and execution apps such as Urarun) most of the data is best shared between leafs directly but all of these applications sill benefit from some of the data being hosted in shared nodes.  Along with DIN, the on-leaf data processing feature of BD makes Votecube and NLNM simulations possible.  And as is DIN, its development is best finished in the Eastern Hemisphere where due to resource constraints it's efficiencies are in greatest demand.  

###  To be developed in the Russian Federation

DIN needs the backing and engine to "get off the ground".  Having even greater value in it's own right the NLNM Simulation platform will become the digital-territory defending force and initial participation driver. DIN and NLNM were fully specified in the United States of America, which is already well decentralized and presently doesn't have a clear need for Votecube or Sapoto and God forbid will ever have a need for NLNM simulations.  And just as NLNM simulation, I believe that the one place where it would help the most is the former Soviet Union.  Thus this and a multitide of reasons of other societal and cultural nature it is logically best developed there.  More specifically, DIN can constructively help the most in Russian Federation.  And out of the few places in the Eastern Hemisphere where the immediate family of the initial designer could move the Rissian Federation is the most rooted.
